What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
the repository is created (version control tracking is "initialized")
in order to get started tracking this is necessary

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

it is a sort of intermediary state that allows me to work on files and have them locally
without committing to the project yet - so as though my changes may not disturb others

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

make sure to only add the changes/changed files that are related to my logical change to
the staging area before committing them
best not to mix commits, but finish them --> this is another reason to keep commits 
reasonably small so as that one logical change can be committed soon, since this 
style of working may prevent multi tasking sometimes (to my current knowledge)

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

working with a team
working on new features alongsige a runing master version
working on a new version alongsige a published master version
hotfixes to the master etc

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

the visual representaion helps understanding where we are in relation to the master branch for example
and what changes may be lost when doing certain things

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

you end up with one combined result
one branch (e.g. master) "lives on" while the other one disappears
we show it opposite to the way we show branching out since we end up with opposite results
when branching out we end up with two unique branches that can be identified
after merging it results in just having one uniwue branch that can be identified
the commits are kept, but the branched out part is gone


What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?q